a certain woman of the wives of the sons
a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets cried out to Elijah your
of the prophets cried out to Elijah your
of the prophets cried out to Elijah your servant my husband is dead and you know
servant my husband is dead and you know
servant my husband is dead and you know that your servant feared the Lord and
that your servant feared the Lord and
that your servant feared the Lord and the creditor is coming to take my two
the creditor is coming to take my two
the creditor is coming to take my two sons to be his slaves what shall I do
sons to be his slaves what shall I do
sons to be his slaves what shall I do for you tell me what do you have in the
for you tell me what do you have in the
for you tell me what do you have in the house your maidservant has nothing in
house your maidservant has nothing in
house your maidservant has nothing in the house but a jar of oil go borrow
the house but a jar of oil go borrow
the house but a jar of oil go borrow vessels from everywhere from all your
vessels from everywhere from all your
vessels from everywhere from all your neighbor's empty vessels do not gather
neighbor's empty vessels do not gather
neighbor's empty vessels do not gather just a few and when you have come in you
just a few and when you have come in you
just a few and when you have come in you shall shut the door behind you and your
shall shut the door behind you and your
shall shut the door behind you and your sons then pour it into all those vessels
sons then pour it into all those vessels
sons then pour it into all those vessels and set aside the full ones so she went
and set aside the full ones so she went
and set aside the full ones so she went from him and shut the door behind her
from him and shut the door behind her
from him and shut the door behind her and her sons who brought the vessels to
and her sons who brought the vessels to
and her sons who brought the vessels to her and she poured it out now it came to
her and she poured it out now it came to
her and she poured it out now it came to pass when the vessels were full that she
pass when the vessels were full that she
pass when the vessels were full that she said to her son that bring me another
said to her son that bring me another
said to her son that bring me another vessel there is not another vessel so
vessel there is not another vessel so
vessel there is not another vessel so the oil ceased then she came and told
the oil ceased then she came and told
the oil ceased then she came and told the man of God and he said go sell the
the man of God and he said go sell the
the man of God and he said go sell the oil and pay your debt and you and your
oil and pay your debt and you and your
oil and pay your debt and you and your sons live on the rest now it happened
sons live on the rest now it happened
sons live on the rest now it happened one day that Elijah went to shulam where
one day that Elijah went to shulam where
one day that Elijah went to shulam where there was a notable woman and she
there was a notable woman and she
there was a notable woman and she persuaded him to eat some food so it was
persuaded him to eat some food so it was
persuaded him to eat some food so it was as often as he passed by he would turn
as often as he passed by he would turn
as often as he passed by he would turn in there to eat some food and she said
in there to eat some food and she said
in there to eat some food and she said to her husband look now I know that this
to her husband look now I know that this
to her husband look now I know that this is a holy man of God who passes Bias
is a holy man of God who passes Bias
is a holy man of God who passes Bias regularly please let us make a small
regularly please let us make a small
regularly please let us make a small upper room on the wall and let us put it
upper room on the wall and let us put it
upper room on the wall and let us put it there for him there and a table and a
there for him there and a table and a
there for him there and a table and a chair and a lamp stand so it will be
chair and a lamp stand so it will be
chair and a lamp stand so it will be whenever he comes to us he can turn in
whenever he comes to us he can turn in
whenever he comes to us he can turn in there
and it happened one day that he came
and it happened one day that he came there and he turned into the upper room
there and he turned into the upper room
there and he turned into the upper room and lay down and he said to Gay's I his
and lay down and he said to Gay's I his
and lay down and he said to Gay's I his servant called a shunammite woman
when he had called her she stood before
when he had called her she stood before him and he said to him the same out to
him and he said to him the same out to
him and he said to him the same out to her look you have been concerned for us
her look you have been concerned for us
her look you have been concerned for us with all this care what can I do for you
with all this care what can I do for you
with all this care what can I do for you do you want me to speak on your behalf
do you want me to speak on your behalf
do you want me to speak on your behalf to the king or to the commander of the
to the king or to the commander of the
to the king or to the commander of the army I dwell among my own people what
army I dwell among my own people what
army I dwell among my own people what then is to be done for her and get Hays
then is to be done for her and get Hays
then is to be done for her and get Hays I answered actually she has no son and
I answered actually she has no son and
I answered actually she has no son and her husband is old call her when he had
her husband is old call her when he had
her husband is old call her when he had called her she stood in the doorway
called her she stood in the doorway
called her she stood in the doorway about this time next year you shall
about this time next year you shall
about this time next year you shall embrace a son no my lord
embrace a son no my lord
embrace a son no my lord man of God do not lie to your
man of God do not lie to your
man of God do not lie to your maidservant but the woman conceived and
maidservant but the woman conceived and
maidservant but the woman conceived and bore a son when the appointed time had
bore a son when the appointed time had
bore a son when the appointed time had come of which Elisha had told her and
come of which Elisha had told her and
come of which Elisha had told her and the child grew now it happened one day
the child grew now it happened one day
the child grew now it happened one day that he went out to his father to the
that he went out to his father to the
that he went out to his father to the Reapers and he said to his father so he
Reapers and he said to his father so he
Reapers and he said to his father so he said to her servant carry him to his
said to her servant carry him to his
said to her servant carry him to his mother when he had taken him and brought
mother when he had taken him and brought
mother when he had taken him and brought him to his mother he sat on her knees
him to his mother he sat on her knees
him to his mother he sat on her knees till noon and then died
till noon and then died
till noon and then died [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and she went out and laid him on the bed
and she went out and laid him on the bed
and she went out and laid him on the bed of the man of God shut the door upon him
of the man of God shut the door upon him
of the man of God shut the door upon him and went out and she called to her
and went out and she called to her
and went out and she called to her husband he's send me one of the young
husband he's send me one of the young
husband he's send me one of the young men and one of the donkeys that I may
men and one of the donkeys that I may
men and one of the donkeys that I may run to the man of God and come back why
run to the man of God and come back why
run to the man of God and come back why are you going to him today
are you going to him today
are you going to him today it is neither the new moon nor the
it is neither the new moon nor the
it is neither the new moon nor the Sabbath it is well then she saddled the
Sabbath it is well then she saddled the
Sabbath it is well then she saddled the donkey and said to her servant drive and
donkey and said to her servant drive and
donkey and said to her servant drive and go forward
go forward
go forward do not slacken the peace for me unless I
do not slacken the peace for me unless I
do not slacken the peace for me unless I tell you
tell you
tell you and so she departed and went to the man
and so she departed and went to the man
and so she departed and went to the man of God at Mount come so it was when the
of God at Mount come so it was when the
of God at Mount come so it was when the man of God saw her afar off that he said
man of God saw her afar off that he said
man of God saw her afar off that he said to his servant gazzarri look the
to his servant gazzarri look the
to his servant gazzarri look the shunammite woman please run now to meet
shunammite woman please run now to meet
shunammite woman please run now to meet her and say to her is it well with you
her and say to her is it well with you
her and say to her is it well with you is it well with your husband
is it well with your husband
is it well with your husband is it well with the child
is it well with the child
is it well with the child [Music]
it is well now when she came to the man
it is well now when she came to the man of God at the hill she caught him by the
of God at the hill she caught him by the
of God at the hill she caught him by the feet but gay Hayes I came near to push
feet but gay Hayes I came near to push
feet but gay Hayes I came near to push her away but the man of God said let her
her away but the man of God said let her
her away but the man of God said let her alone for her soul is in deep distress
alone for her soul is in deep distress
alone for her soul is in deep distress the Lord has hidden it from me has not
the Lord has hidden it from me has not
the Lord has hidden it from me has not told me
told me
told me did I ask a son of my lord
did I ask a son of my lord
did I ask a son of my lord did I not say do not deceive me then he
did I not say do not deceive me then he
did I not say do not deceive me then he said to kill his eye
said to kill his eye
said to kill his eye get yourself ready and take my staff in
get yourself ready and take my staff in
get yourself ready and take my staff in your hand and be on your way if you meet
your hand and be on your way if you meet
your hand and be on your way if you meet anyone do not greet him and if anyone
anyone do not greet him and if anyone
anyone do not greet him and if anyone greets you do not answer him but lay my
greets you do not answer him but lay my
greets you do not answer him but lay my staff on the face of the child as the
staff on the face of the child as the
staff on the face of the child as the Lord lives and as your soul lives I will
Lord lives and as your soul lives I will
Lord lives and as your soul lives I will not leave you so he arose and followed
not leave you so he arose and followed
not leave you so he arose and followed her now gaze I went on ahead of them and
her now gaze I went on ahead of them and
her now gaze I went on ahead of them and laid the staff on the face of the child
laid the staff on the face of the child
laid the staff on the face of the child but there was neither voice nor hearing
but there was neither voice nor hearing
but there was neither voice nor hearing therefore he went back to meet him and
therefore he went back to meet him and
therefore he went back to meet him and told him the child is not awakened
told him the child is not awakened
told him the child is not awakened [Music]
[Music]
[Music] when Elijah came into the house there
when Elijah came into the house there
when Elijah came into the house there was the child lying dead on his bed he
was the child lying dead on his bed he
was the child lying dead on his bed he went in there for shut the door behind
went in there for shut the door behind
went in there for shut the door behind the two of them and pray to the Lord and
the two of them and pray to the Lord and
the two of them and pray to the Lord and he went up and lay on the child and put
he went up and lay on the child and put
he went up and lay on the child and put his mouth on his mouth his eyes on his
his mouth on his mouth his eyes on his
his mouth on his mouth his eyes on his eyes and his hands on his hands and he
eyes and his hands on his hands and he
eyes and his hands on his hands and he stretched himself out on the child
and the flesh of the child became warm
and the flesh of the child became warm he returned and walked back and forth in
he returned and walked back and forth in
he returned and walked back and forth in the house and again went up and
the house and again went up and
the house and again went up and stretched himself out on him
stretched himself out on him
stretched himself out on him then the child sneezed seven times and
then the child sneezed seven times and
then the child sneezed seven times and the child opened his eyes and he called
the child opened his eyes and he called
the child opened his eyes and he called a haze I call - inna my woman so he
a haze I call - inna my woman so he
a haze I call - inna my woman so he called her pick up your son so she went
called her pick up your son so she went
called her pick up your son so she went in fell at his feet and fell to the
in fell at his feet and fell to the
in fell at his feet and fell to the ground then she picked up her son and
ground then she picked up her son and
ground then she picked up her son and went up and Elijah returned to Gilgal
went up and Elijah returned to Gilgal
went up and Elijah returned to Gilgal and there was a famine in the land now
and there was a famine in the land now
and there was a famine in the land now the sons of the prophets were sitting
the sons of the prophets were sitting
the sons of the prophets were sitting before him and he said to his servant
before him and he said to his servant
before him and he said to his servant put on the large pot and boil stew for
put on the large pot and boil stew for
put on the large pot and boil stew for the sons of the prophets so one went out
the sons of the prophets so one went out
the sons of the prophets so one went out into the field to gather herbs and found
into the field to gather herbs and found
into the field to gather herbs and found a wild vine and gathered from it a
a wild vine and gathered from it a
a wild vine and gathered from it a lapful
lapful
lapful of wild gourds and came and sliced them
of wild gourds and came and sliced them
of wild gourds and came and sliced them into the pot of stew though they did not
into the pot of stew though they did not
into the pot of stew though they did not know what they were then they served it
know what they were then they served it
know what they were then they served it to the men to eat now it happened as
to the men to eat now it happened as
to the men to eat now it happened as they were eating the stew that they
they were eating the stew that they
they were eating the stew that they dried out and said man of God there is
dried out and said man of God there is
dried out and said man of God there is death in the pot and they could not eat
death in the pot and they could not eat
death in the pot and they could not eat it then bring some flour and he put it
it then bring some flour and he put it
it then bring some flour and he put it into the pot serve it to the people that
into the pot serve it to the people that
into the pot serve it to the people that they may eat and there was nothing
they may eat and there was nothing
they may eat and there was nothing harmful in the pot
then a man came from bail shallow sure
then a man came from bail shallow sure and brought the man of God bread of the
and brought the man of God bread of the
and brought the man of God bread of the firstfruits 20 loaves of barley bread
firstfruits 20 loaves of barley bread
firstfruits 20 loaves of barley bread and newly ripened grain in his knapsack
and newly ripened grain in his knapsack
and newly ripened grain in his knapsack and he said give it to the people that
and he said give it to the people that
and he said give it to the people that they may eat but his servant said what
they may eat but his servant said what
they may eat but his servant said what shall I said this before 100 men give it
shall I said this before 100 men give it
shall I said this before 100 men give it to the people that they may eat for thus
to the people that they may eat for thus
to the people that they may eat for thus says the Lord they shall eat and have
says the Lord they shall eat and have
says the Lord they shall eat and have some leftover sir he said it before them
some leftover sir he said it before them
some leftover sir he said it before them and they ate and had some leftover
and they ate and had some leftover
and they ate and had some leftover according to the word of the Lord
according to the word of the Lord
according to the word of the Lord [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]